Come
Prepare for surgery
Mrs. Chen's kidney transplant is
Hello, which ward is Liu Yunye in?
What are you doing?
Who are you?
Give me back my phone
Tell me where Liu Yunye is
When is Liu Yunye?
People are still looking for this dead woman
By the way, wouldn't you give it to that?
The dead woman collects the corpse, right?
You bitch dare to hit me
Security, security, come quickly, someone is making trouble
Who is causing trouble on my turf?
Brother, it's just the two of them
He called me a slut and hit me
Curiosity has a stick
Get them on their knees and crawl under your crotch
I hate this hospital, why is it so stinky?
Brother, don't worry.
Bastard, get down on your knees and confess to us
Or I'll break your legs
Ahaha
What are you useless trash doing here?
Hit him for me
Hey
Yo stay don't go
You two wait for me
Dean Dean no
Please Dean Dean Dean
Naive heart
Looking for something
I won't cry when I pick up the coffin
Dean Dean
Someone is making trouble to find Liu Yunye